Okay.
So let's call this out and.
Let's begin.
Yes.
So the number that we have to print it is 243782437.
Well.
And what we can do is we can take this number as an integer also.
We can take this number as a string also.
It completely depends on us rate.
We can use it anywhere.
So what I do is I take this number resisting because.
You'll see.
You're going to get it as any way you can integrate as a integer also, because why am I taking as a
string?
Because let's say there's a huge number which goes through ten duplicating.
Of course we won't be printing it, but.
We have to store those numbers in strings.
So.
And also there's another thing that viavi and why storing anything.
Because the third thing is that I have to check.
Right, whether it is the last digit or not.
Right.
So if how we like to check it, if it's the last digit of that particular number, if I ever intend,
then it won't be easy.
Right.
Because for that indent, I can't iterate over its indexes, but in the string I can always iterate
over the indexes as zero, as one as to history eight.
So that is also another quick use of strings here.
I take this string.
Now what I need to do is I need to just write a function.
Let's call it fine.
And what it will do is it will print all the digits from print, all the numbers from 0 to 2, four,
three, seven, eight.
And initially, let's pass empty.
In it as a number and these numbers are all together.
I'm trying to formulate this on whether the string only eight or don't be worried about the complexity
there.
So what I'll do is I do avoid for good.
I know some of you might be thinking that I'm just, you know, executed, exaggerating this problem.
I'm just trying to solve this problem from a higher difficulty perspective.
I can't do this on a loop and print it because.
So what do I do?
I will just say this, that this is just an example, right?
This is not even the introduction of digital.
P This is we are not even beginning with digit DP here.
Right?
We just understanding a recursion which is involved recording digit DB later in digital B will come.
You will automatically understand why was this recursion very important?
Well, so.
And this.
Okay.
This is the index.
So let me.
They sing answer, let's call index.
And what else should I pass?
Whether it is the last.
Whether it is the last branch or not.
Right.
So initially, I will posit, yes, it is the last branch.
Why am I saying that?
It is the last grant I am passing through here?
Let me quickly say last thing I'm passing through over here, because right now I am going to fill the
first index.
And so in the first index, I cannot fill any number from 0 to 9.
I have to fill numbers from 0 to 2 only.
Right.
In the first index it.
So.
That's what I'll do is I'm passing through over there so that it just fills the numbers from 0 to 8.
Now, let's just quickly make the regression.
What I do is I formulate and in detail it will be either the number or the last number.
Right.
So if.
Yeah.
I hope you know about this.
In re operators and what it does is nothing.
But it is.
If last is true, that means if last is there, then what happens?
Yeah.
If loss is true, then simple.
Yes, they still would love the numbers that it will be filling and will only go down.
Let me.
Yeah.
The numbers that it is trying to fill, that means that tell you a deal here.
That means whether it is the last branch or not is the last branch of the.
If it is the last branch of the tree, then the numbers will only go down as index -0.
Right.
By -0.
I'm doing you all know, right, that this is a character in character.
I am subtracting zero.
It will give me the actual integer value.
So don't get confused here.
And if the loss is not true, then it will fill in a question.
Right?
We wait.
So I hope you understand.
Understood why I use index, why I use a string.
Because it's so easy to access the index of the string.
And this is right.
Not what I do is simple.
I start from I0.
I keep placing numbers till till date.
So this loop will start from zero and go straight.
If it is the last branch, then it will only place in a question s.
ofAnd let's say for the first indexer, this tool, for the second index, it is for three and seven.
Otherwise it will try and place all in a muslim name.
Well, now what I'll do is I'll simply call fun and I will say okay, in string answered, just add.
The number they took.
I just quickly figured out how to add the particular number in the in the string answer.
And secondly, index will be increment by one.
That means now go on and fill on the next index.
Now, what about last case?
How will I figure out whether it is the last branch of my code or not?
Right.
So it's very simple.
Eight for the last.
Okay, let's.
Let's think of it this way.
Yeah.
So how is this a last branch?
Because previously it was the last branch and it is the last number that I am placing it.
Right.
The last number that I'm placing is equal to till.
And previously it was.
Last branch.
That means.
This last should be true.
If it is the last one and then only the next branch can be a large branch, read more.
The second condition.
The next recursive call can be the last branch.
Only if I is equals to this last number, which is eight.
So what else?
Simply if I is equals to it.
I hope you got this.
Don't get confused here.
Let me quickly add one more record.
There's no confusion, and I will figure out how to add a string here.
Don't worry.
So just understand this part.
This is very important.
It is the last branch.
I'm already on the last breath.
That means.
It's the last number that I'm going to place.
Eight, as you can see over here.
Yeah.
Let me quickly raise this.
Okay.
When I played this too, it was the last print rate.
But what this zero for this one?
For this tool, for this tree.
I could replace any number.
I fought all these the.
What last is not true.
As you can see, it is blue, but it is only true before rate.
So that means if I place for after this now just place the numbers from 0 to 3.
That means this is the last most branch.
So the previous has to be the last means.
It is already on the last branch.
And secondly, the number that I'm placing here, that means for in this case is the last number eight
and it is equals to till basically.
I hope you got this.
So.
And now this remains read how to add.
The index is in a string eight.
So what I can do here is I can see that.
Okay.
So.
Just give me 1/2.
Okay.
So I remember using a function all to a stingray.
What does this function do?
If I pass an integer to it, it buildings are then me a string part of it.
Thing version of it.
Right.
So I just pass it to it.
What it does, it.
It will convert this I to a string and it will be appended after answer late.
So let me quickly figure out the base case or does a base case base.
I'm starting at the zero eight index, western Mexican Index Card Index now on default index.
If I'm going over history on default index means after default death of the tree, I would have formed
a four digit number.
They and see that if index is equals two as dot size, that means right now we have reached the end
of the string a.
And so what I will simply do, I'll simply sio dancer and I'll return.
Let's build it.
So as we can see, the first number is 0000.
So it's an extreme form.
So that's why we have bleeding zeros.
But don't worry, we'll always have leading zeros.
But we shouldn't have it affected until eight.
Here we can see I have print or I've tried to print all the numbers.
And how many numbers we have printed?
2438 numbers eight, including zero.
So that's why we have bounded 2438.
So I hope this part is very clear.
This this is the most important part.
If you understood this next question that I'll be going to discuss will be very easy for you.
And if it's a very short code also.
Right.
If you think about it, it's very, very short.
Lester Gilbert, is this whether it is the last branch or not and this conversion from string and converting
it back to end because this was very easy to convert it to take the input as a string because of this
simple conversion rate, the symbol conversion and the symbol can go from next time.
The problems were to ask you to print all the numbers, but will ask you to find out the count of numbers
with some special properties and you'll see it from the next problem.
Right.
So let's discuss it in the next lecture only.
Thanks.